Fixes after Cloud guides review (#120)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/build-workflow-image-with-quarkus-cli.adoc

To get started with building workflow images, you can use the link:{kogito_sw_examples_url}/serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus[`serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus`] example application.

> NOTE: You can skip the following procedure, if you already have a {context} application.

Reviewer: We do not have any attribute for workflow. so I think we can keep it as is.
```suggestion
NOTE: You can skip the following procedure if you already have a workflow application.
```

quarkus extension add 'container-image-jib'
----

> After adding the Jib extension, you can verify in the `pom.xml` file the newly added dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the Jib extension, you can verify the newly added dependency in the `pom.xml` file:
```

.Prerequisites
* You have created a Quarkus project.

> * Quarkus CLI is installed. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quarkus CLI is installed. 
```

For more information about installing the Quarkus CLI, see link:https://quarkus.io/guides/cli-tooling#installing-the-cli[Installing the Quarkus CLI].

.Procedure
. In a command terminal, navigate to your Quarkus project.
. To build your Serverless Workflow application on Quarkus, set the `quarkus.container-image.build` property value to `true` and run the following command:
+
--
.Build your Serverless Workflow application
[source,shell]
----
quarkus build -Dquarkus.container-image.build=true
----

> This should build your image with name: `{system_username}/{project_artifactId}:{project_version}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous command builds your image with name: `{system_username}/{project_artifactId}:{project_version}`.
```

> Optionally, you can set those properties to specify the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can set the following properties to specify the image:
```

* `quarkus.container-image.registry`: To define the registry address of the image, such as `quay.io`.
* `quarkus.container-image.group`: To define the registry namespace of the image. For example, `context/namespace` or in case of Kubernetes or OpenShift `namespace/project`.

> * `quarkus.container-image.name`: To override the image name. By default, it will use the artifactId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `quarkus.container-image.name`: To override the image name. By default, this property uses artifact ID.
```

.Build your Serverless Workflow application with specific image information
[source,shell]
----
quarkus build -Dquarkus.container-image.build=true \
    -Dquarkus.container-image.group=kogito \
    -Dquarkus.container-image.name=serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus \
    -Dquarkus.container-image.tag=1.0 \
    -Dquarkus.container-image.registry=quay.io
----

[TIP]
====
The added Jib extension caches the `target/lib` directory. Based on the size of your project, Jib speeds up the rebuilds.
====
--

> . You can also push your Serverless Workflow application to the defined registry. You just need to set the `quarkus.container-image.push` property value to `true` (default value is `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You can also push your workflow application to the defined registry. You need to set the `quarkus.container-image.push` property value to `true` (default value is `false`).
```

.Prerequisites
* You have created a Quarkus project.

> * Quarkus CLI is installed. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quarkus CLI is installed. 
```
